c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Payme\Payme.Movil\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Payme\Payme.Movil\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Payme\Payme.Movil\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Payme\Payme.Movil\obj\Debug\Payme.Movil.g.resources
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Payme\Payme.Movil\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Payme\Payme.Movil\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Payme\Payme.Movil\Bin\Debug\Payme.Movil.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Payme\Payme.Movil\Bin\Debug\Payme.Movil.pdb
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Payme\Payme.Movil\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Payme\Payme.Movil\Bin\Debug\Payme.Movil.xap
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Payme\Payme.Movil\obj\Debug\Payme.Movil.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Payme\Payme.Movil\obj\Debug\Payme.Movil.pdb
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Payme\Payme.Movil\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Payme\Payme.Movil\Bin\Debug\icons\appbar.add.rest.png
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Payme\Payme.Movil\obj\Debug\NuevoEvento.g.i.cs
C:\Users\TOSHIBA\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Payme\Payme.Movil\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\TOSHIBA\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Payme\Payme.Movil\Bin\Debug\Background.png
C:\Users\TOSHIBA\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Payme\Payme.Movil\Bin\Debug\icons\appbar.add.rest.png
C:\Users\TOSHIBA\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Payme\Payme.Movil\Bin\Debug\icons\appbar.cancel.rest.png
C:\Users\TOSHIBA\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Payme\Payme.Movil\Bin\Debug\icons\appbar.save.rest.png
C:\Users\TOSHIBA\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Payme\Payme.Movil\Bin\Debug\Payme.Movil.dll
C:\Users\TOSHIBA\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Payme\Payme.Movil\Bin\Debug\Payme.Movil.pdb
C:\Users\TOSHIBA\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Payme\Payme.Movil\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\TOSHIBA\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Payme\Payme.Movil\Bin\Debug\Payme.Movil.xap
C:\Users\TOSHIBA\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Payme\Payme.Movil\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\TOSHIBA\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Payme\Payme.Movil\obj\Debug\Payme.Movil.g.resources
C:\Users\TOSHIBA\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Payme\Payme.Movil\obj\Debug\Payme.Movil.dll
C:\Users\TOSHIBA\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Payme\Payme.Movil\obj\Debug\Payme.Movil.pdb
C:\Users\TOSHIBA\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Payme\Payme.Movil\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\TOSHIBA\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Payme\Payme.Movil\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\TOSHIBA\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Payme\Payme.Movil\obj\Debug\CrearCuenta.g.cs
C:\Users\TOSHIBA\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Payme\Payme.Movil\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\TOSHIBA\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Payme\Payme.Movil\obj\Debug\NuevoEvento.g.cs
